No, your grace. Word of your arrival has reached the city. You've received a number of requests
for business meetings and party invites. I have no interest in those parasites, ignore them.
To repay Ms. Ireland for saving your life as a child, you've been using her neighbours
in your work for her and her system for some time. What are you planning on revealing your
true identity to her? I need more time to clear up the mess around her, better than make their
accusations. I couldn't care less. Then betrayed me. You were sleeping with Jada. In
our room. Sorry for everything. Prick, no panic. I'm on my way. Why is marriage always
such a disaster? I'm going to force him. He won't get a penny from me, all my company.
How come the hell you foolish one? I mean. This has been put in a coma by a husband.
Now he's trying to take over the company. How is she? She's fine. A conditioner's stable. Who are you?